document per version download counts api (#9)
npm/registry: docs/download-counts.md

Bulk queries are limited to at most *128* packages at a time and at most *365 days* of data.

All other queries are limited to at most *18 months* of data. The earliest date for which data will be returned is January 10, 2015.

> ## Per version download counts
> 
> Gets the downloads for the last 7 days per version of a specific package.
> 
> <code>GET https://api.npmjs.org/versions/{package}/last-week</code>
> 
> Note: for scoped packages, the `/` needs to be percent encoded. (`@slack/client` -> `@slack%2Fclient`).
> 
> ### Examples
> 
> <a href="https://api.npmjs.org/versions/fastify/last-week">/versions/fastify/last-week</a>  
> <a href="https://api.npmjs.org/versions/@slack%2Fclient/last-week">/versions/@slack%2Fclient/last-week</a>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Per version download counts

Download count for specific versions of a package are only available for the previous 7 days. They have a unique API end point

<code>GET https://api.npmjs.org/versions/{package}/last-week</code>

Note: for scoped packages, the `/` needs to be percent encoded. (`@slack/client` -> `@slack%2Fclient`).

### Examples

<a href="https://api.npmjs.org/versions/fastify/last-week">/versions/fastify/last-week</a>  
<a href="https://api.npmjs.org/versions/@slack%2Fclient/last-week">/versions/@slack%2Fclient/last-week</a>
```
